1. Project Intro

My project is a tv list app that lets you search for tv shows and save them locally to your browser. Searching for shows lets you any shows and look at their details. To test the site, simply go to the url: http://chen884.student.uscitp.com/itp301/final_project/public/#/

2. Customizations (1+ paragraphs)
One customization is utilizing angular as a framework. The entire site is designed in an mvc angular, using angular's directives as well as angular's ngRouter to navigate between pages. In addition, a dropdown search nav and all of the data is retrieved through api calls and then parsed through to display the information. 


3. Design, UI/UX, Site Content
The content is tv shows and their details. It comes from the tvmaze api. The UI is simple. Simply search for tv shows, click on the show you want more details about, and then either add or remove from favorites list. Visit your favorites list to find all your favorite shows. The only user input is input into the search bar. No validation is required (other than script injection) because all search parameters are valid for the api, including numbers.


4. Dynamic HTML (DHTML) / Interactivity
The html is dynamic because it is dependent on the data retrieved from the api. Using ng directives, data from the controllers is loaded to the template views. The site is interactive because it is entirely based on user input. The information that gets rendered depends on what the user clicked or entered. 


5. JS/jQuery Plugin
I used the jquery thumbnail scroller plugin. The plugin was beneficial because it gave more options on the home page, added visual appeal, and allows users to look through some featured shows without having to enter a search at first so they get an idea what the site is about. 

6. At least three extras
I used the JSON API, js objects and web storage. The JSON API allows my site to be fully dynamic and functional as a search site. Calls are made to the api to retrieve information. This negtes the need for a backend also because the data is coming from another source. JS Objects allow me to use ng directives such as ng repeat to simplify my template code and make it more efficient and easy to manage. Web storage is implemented locally so that people can save favorite lists as long as they don't clear their storage. 
